docs: update tests.md to reflect the jest unit testing approach (#4503)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: contributing/tests.md

The test types from most preferred to least preferred are:

> 1. Unit Tests - jest: Found under the test/jest directory.

Reviewer: On line 5 it says there are "several" kinds of tests, and after these updates there are actually only 2 that are described in this doc.  Maybe it could say some thing like, there are several, but moving forward we are focused on these two test types...

Reviewer: nevermind - I see that the others are listed as deprecated so I think its fine as is

   - `npm run test:unit`
1. End to End Tests - _TDB_

**Deprecated**

1. Unit Tests - mocha: Found under the test/unit directory. Not under active development.
   - `npm run test:unit`
1. vscode-integration - Tests that are somewhere between integration and unit tests. These are being phased out and there should be no new additions and minimual effort to
   - Close all instances of vscode.
   - `npm run test:integration`
1. system-tests - These have been disabled for a long time and should be deleted.

To run all tests, execute `npm run compile && npm run test` from the root
folder. Note the compile is only necessary for the integration tests.

### Unit Tests

Unit tests priorities are as follows:

1. Unit tests should focus on only the _unit_ of code under test.
   - 1 method/function

> 1. All dependancies should be stubbed/mocked.

Author: these suggested changes are _awesome_

1. Unit tests should be easy to write and execute
   - If your code is hard to test consider how it could be refactored to make it easier to test.
1. Use only jest and do not import mochi/sinon/chai.
1. Code coverage is one measure of how well we are unit testing our code. We should strive to code all code paths for any touched code in the repository. Code coverage can be generate by including the `--coverage` flag to jest when executing.

#### How to Write Jest Unit Tests

- Test files use the {fileUnderTestName}.test.ts format and should go under the same directory structure as the source in the test/jest folder.
  - Note this is to separate from the existing mocha unit tests and enable us to track our progress for moving off mocha to jest.
- VSCode extensions are our friend
  - https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=firsttris.vscode-jest-runner
- Tests can be executed from the IDE, command line, or via npm script.

>   - IDE assuming you are using the above extension use the Run & Debug code lense found in test files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - IDE: assuming you are using the above extension, use the Run & Debug CodeLens found in test files.
```

MS uses "CodeLens" (https://code.visualstudio.com/blogs/2017/02/12/code-lens-roundup)

  - Command line: `npx jest` will execute all unit tests in a package by default. If the integration tests are configured for jest in the package you may execute those using `npx jest -c jest.integration.config`. There are many options for configuring the test run see the [docs](https://jestjs.io/docs/cli) or `npx jest -h` for further guidance.
  - npm scripts:
    - `npm run test:unit`
    - `npm run test:integration`
    - `npm run test`

#### Jest Information

> - ts-jest enables us to compile on the fly so no need for compilation while writing unit tests.

Reviewer: Does one have to run an npm command to get the on-the-fly compiling working?

Author: nope...it's baked into the jest configuration so nothing needed to run jest with ts compilation

Reviewer 2: Looks great! Just caught one small typo, fix -- "Code coverage can be generate" to "generated".

Author: thanks!

The test types from most preferred to least preferred are:

1. Unit Tests - jest: Found under the test/jest directory.
   - `npm run test:unit`
1. End to End Tests - _TDB_

**Deprecated**

1. Unit Tests - mocha: Found under the test/unit directory. Not under active development.
   - `npm run test:unit`

> 1. vscode-integration - Tests that are somewhere between integration and unit tests. These are being phased out and there should be no new additions and minimual effort to

Reviewer 3: effort to...?

Author: heh....I was debating `keep these running` but sort of thought better of it.  We're in a weird state until we get the e2e tests in place where we still need these tests. 

I think I'll just stop at no new additions.

   - Close all instances of vscode.
   - `npm run test:integration`

> 1. system-tests - These have been disabled for a long time and should be deleted.

Reviewer 3: It feels a bit weird to say "should be deleted" here. Maybe "will soon be deleted".

To run all tests, execute `npm run compile && npm run test` from the root
folder. Note the compile is only necessary for the integration tests.

### Unit Tests

Unit tests priorities are as follows:

1. Unit tests should focus on only the _unit_ of code under test.
   - 1 method/function
1. All dependencies should be stubbed/mocked.
1. Unit tests should be easy to write and execute

>    - If your code is hard to test consider how it could be refactored to make it easier to test.

Reviewer 3: Could you add a practical example here, like what we ran into yesterday? "For example, if you're looking to test a small private method in a large file, see if it's possible to remove that method and export it from a separate file, making the testing pattern more obvious."

Author: How would you feel about linking to the PR for that WI?  Real world example

  - Example:
    - File under test: `src/commands/auth/authParamsGatherer.ts`
    - Test File location and name: `test/jest/commands/auth/authParamsGatherer.test.ts`
- VSCode extensions are our friend
  - https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=firsttris.vscode-jest-runner
- Tests can be executed from the IDE, command line, or via npm script.
  - IDE: assuming you are using the above extension, use the Run & Debug CodeLens found in test files.
  - Command line: `npx jest` will execute all unit tests in a package by default. If the integration tests are configured for jest in the package you may execute those using `npx jest -c jest.integration.config`. There are many options for configuring the test run see the [docs](https://jestjs.io/docs/cli) or `npx jest -h` for further guidance.
  - npm scripts:
    - `npm run test:unit`
    - `npm run test:integration`
    - `npm run test`

#### Jest Information

- ts-jest enables us to compile on the fly so no need for compilation while writing unit tests.
- Jest [Docs](https://jestjs.io/docs/getting-started) are very good.

> - There is a shared top level jest config file for [unit](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/blob/develop/config/jest.base.config.js) and [integration](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/blob/develop/config/jest.integration.config.js) tests. The unit test configuration is shared between the exisiting tests in the unit directory and the tests in the jest directory.

Reviewer 3: Is it worth adding a temporary note that there needs to be a package-level jest config if it doesn't exist already?

> - There is a top level jest setup script [setup-jest.js](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/blob/develop/scripts/setup-jest.ts) where we are stubbing the vscode module.

Reviewer 3: This is pretty important, and might be worth calling out as a separate section with maybe an example?
